this is the simplest path to $100,000
per month in 24 months my name is Daniel
faio I'm the co-founder of client ension
and list kit currently making $500,000
per month in Revenue 1,000 plus B2B
clients multiple nine figures and client
results all my links are in the
description let's start getting into
this this a step-by-step path assuming
you start at 0 so quick caveat you're
not hitting 100K a month in 12 months is
beginner it took me 2.5 years from
complete zero and even that is abnormal
right to get to First 100K month from
complete zero is 2 and a half years to
get to 100K a month right you need to go
through the 2year E [__] phase before
you have any clue what's going on or
have any real skills at all you need to
go through that Valley of Despair where
it's like you're going to think you're
really smart at the beginning and then
you find out you're actually dumb and
then once you actually obtain Mastery is
when you'll feel confident again and
that's a that's about a two-year cycle
um so before we start and I give you the
steps here's a broad overview you are
going to sell a service not a product so
products require money to great Services
require time and you probably have more
time than to do money you do this by
learning a skill and then renting that
skill out to other businesses this is
called B2B business to business you sell
it to other businesses and not consumers
you get paid based off of your ability
to produce quantifiable results and not
based off of hours you expend right the
better you become at delivering results
the more money you make your income is
not tied to hours it's tied to skill and
your actual ability right so the
questions you might have what skills do
I learn how do I get CLI cents and how
do I scale and this is what I'll be
answering in this video so make sure you
watch to the end so step one skill
acquisition you need to learn how to
make money for a business and what does
that entail what skills do you actually
learn now we can delineate this into
three categories so the first is traffic
generation and what that means is
getting traffic to a business so so the
way that functionally works
is
traffic multiplied by conversions
equals money so you sell things that get
more traffic or convert more traffic and
then that results in more money or the
management of money which I'll get into
in the third section so what what what
would entail a traffic generation offer
it be cold email Facebook ads Google ads
Tik Tok ads content marketing referral
programs or affiliate Recruitment and
management upselling and cross selling
uh SEO podcasting video editing and
scripting influencer marketing
Partnerships and collaborations media
buying cold calling it's everything to
do with getting more traffic for a
business and selling that as a service
the business for money right now traffic
conversion what does that mean it this
has everything to do with converting the
traffic that a business has and turning
it into the customers for them what does
that entail copywriting not like the
legal term copywriting is like
assembling words on a page and like what
you say in order to get people to
convert sales funnel creation email
marketing customer retention return
reduction conversion rate optimization
ad creative strategy webinars online
worksh CRM management automations online
online reviews and management Community
Management and building right and then
there's other backend stuff so like the
management of of holistically tying
systems together it's like automation
how do you automate things together
accounting and finance branding or web
design recruitment legal and compliance
customer support operations software
development Etc right so traffic
generation is the easiest way to is the
easiest to get a client for and that's
because you generate new business they
would have not otherwise acquired most
people want traffic generation as
opposed to traffic conversion or or or
backend stuff it's just easier to get a
client for right however the the
lifetime value of backend is the highest
and then traffic in high it's higher in
traffic conversion than traffic
generation so what does this what does
this look like so how easy it is to sign
a client it's easiest at traffic
generation and hardest at backend but
the the amount of time that the client
will stay with you is higher on the
backend stuff and traffic conversion
than is Generation in in general right
it's it over
over enough clients in general and
enough people running their own
independent businesses so so your
question might now be you've seen all
these skills how do you get minim
minimally viably competent at of skill
because if you want to sell your skill
for money you only need to be minimally
viably competent you don't there's two
ends of the the bell curve here the
there a specific kind of person is going
to not do anything at all until they
feel like they're a complete expert at
the skill and then there's the other
person who's going to go right in and
try to sell it and they know absolutely
nothing at all right so you got to be in
the center here like you just need to be
minimally viably competent like you need
to know how to execute the thing you
don't need to be an expert at it we're
going to get into that in a minute but
just start to get a case study right so
how do you how do you get minimally
minimally viably competent in the first
place watch a 100 hours of YouTube cont
content on it buy 10 books and read them
to completion buy a couple courses this
is exactly what I did it works like just
do that just actually put time into
doing that and that's what I did so it
should also work for you too right so
step one after all of this stuff it's
actually supposed to be step two um fre
your performance work so now I'm going
to be editing this throughout the video
right when you're a beginner you don't
actually know anything right so people
don't just pay you 3K or 5K a month for
no reason they do it because they
genuinely believe that they will get a
return on investment right if you have
no idea what you're talking about then
nobody's going to pay you because they
don't trust you or feel safe with you
they don't feel safe to give you money
because they're not confident that
they're going to get their money back
right you are a risk when you're a
beginner because you don't know anything
right you are more of a liability than
an opportunity so someone looks at you
as a beginner and they're like I think
it's more probable that I lose lose
money with this guy than it is I make
money with this guy right therefore to
compensate for this risk that you have
for being a beginner the only way to
sign a client is to offer to work for
free or on a completely performance
basis where the client takes zero
Financial Risk now what's going to
happen is there's going to be a category
of you who want to skip this section and
then there's Al and those people want to
skip you're going to go find some Guru
online who's going to tell you you can
sign a $5,000 per month client or
$10,000 per month client and you know
absolutely nothing you could just
Outsource the work and all that all
that it's wrong don't fall for that
you're going to lose all your money on
their course it's complete [__]
you're going to waste a bunch of your
time don't do that just follow
directions of what I'm of what I'm
telling you go work for free or on a
100% performance-based client for the
first one to three clients and get a
case study don't fall for that [__] just
follow directions like if you just
follow directions it's going to work I
promise you right so let's go to the
heroi value equation and analyze why
exactly this is the case right so so
someone will pay you based off value and
value is delineated by a dise equation
it's the dream outcome times the
likelihood they believe that you can
actually get them the outcome right so
we talked about that before and then
this is divided by how long it takes to
get that outcome versus the effort and
sacrifice an effort and sacrifice here
is
delineated on how much they have to pay
right so if you just make this
zero then the value substantially goes
up and it increases how many people are
are going to sign for you to compensate
for the fact that you have no case
studies and you don't know anything at
all this is what I did you should follow
directions because I'm not going to tell
you to do something I didn't do I did it
it works I make $500,000 per month now
if you would like to one day arise into
that situation as well you should just
emulate me exactly exactly like that
that might be a good strategy to employ
right so too many people try to skip
this step and completely screw
themselves right you keep doing step one
until you've acquired about two to two
we're in step two until you've acquired
about two to three case studies showing
you've gotten clients substantial
results in
proportion to what you want to charge by
a factor of 10 so like for if you want
to charge $5,000 per month you have to
show you are regularly capable of
producing $50,000 per month in
quantifiable return so you need a case
study that shows you're making somebody
$50,000 per month if you want to charge
$5,000 per month that is in general what
you should be charging is about one
tenen of what you're produ of the value
you're
creating that's like the sweet spot
where people buy and they stay like
that's that's how it works right so step
three offer creation you need to turn
your service into an offer off so what
does that mean so let's say let's say
you're an email marketer nobody buys
email
marketing they buy the result that email
marketing produces for them and then
nobody buys content marketing they buy
the result that content marketing
produces for them and this is the case
for every single service on the planet
that's it this is how this works right
you do not approach a company and say I
will do your email marketing for $3,000
per month you say I can make you
$330,000 per month with email marketing
that's that's the framing like you only
talk about them like you're talking
about you you're I I I'll do this and I
want this it's no no no no it's just
I'll give you this that that's the
framing right so but let's break this
down formulaically what are the
components of a good offer right so the
first is a quantifiable promised result
what specific result does the company
you're pitching get like what what do I
get I don't it's not I don't care how
many emails I get I don't care about how
many editing hours I get that is so
inconsequential it doesn't matter at all
it doesn't matter in fact you could you
could sit here and say to a company I
can make you $30,000 per month an extra
revenue and not even say how you're
going to do it and you'll still get
interested leads that that that that in
it of itself is proof that this is
fundamentally correct like people people
will come to you and be interested just
in the presence of a quantifiable end
result and not even know what you do at
all so you need to have a specific
quantifiable promised result even if
you're a web design agency it doesn't
matter like why is somebody going to buy
design from you it's because they want
to increase their revenue they want to
make more money they they are under the
impression that having a better brand is
going to make them more money that's how
this works right or or or increase
conversion rates
right a specific time period how fast
can you get the result right then a risk
reversal what happens if they pay you
and you didn't get the results for
them it's very it's very plausible
question like it's it's very reasonable
thing for a prospect to ask you what if
they pay you and you don't get them
results are you giving the money back or
are you walking away with them and
letting the the prospect feel scammed
like what happened
happens it's a very reasonable thing to
ask that you really have to think about
here right and then and then and then
evidence who else have you done this for
this is them trying to see like are you
are you a random internet scammer or do
people actually work with you like again
a very plausible thing to ask does this
actually work right so here's some
examples I guarantee I can make your
e-commerce rent an additional $330,000
per mon Revenue within the next 60 days
and you will only pay if an after it
happens that's a banger one right I I I
will book your company 10 to 30
qualified sales meetings per month you
only pay for meetings that are qualified
and show up I will get you 1 million
views in the next 90 days or you get a
full refund so throughout your life you
may see a number of really pretty
websites or like General agencies or
companies that appear as if they're
doing well or are large and don't have
offers like this like you be well this
company like they they look really big
and they and they don't and they don't
have something like this right and they
they use generic wording like you're a
partner in business growth or
accelerating your business growth to new
heights like you're going to see this
stuff a lot throughout your life and you
probably already have that they're going
to show themselves at conferences and
nice pictures but you need to
fundamentally understand that these
people do not make any money they don't
make money they they they they honestly
don't right you need to come to grips
with this the reality of this situation
they are poor you must understand this
they just look big because they got the
Aesthetics
down right you either have a long and
extensive track record profound amounts
of case studies hundreds of thousands of
established business owners vouching for
you over the course of a
lifetime like you like a lifetime you
either have
that or you have a direct response style
offer like these I showed you up above
so if if it just so happens that that
that this isn't you like you haven't
been in business for 30 years and you
don't have like you're not like a New
York Times bestseller with the published
book and have like 500 people 500 case
studies and have shown up to this
business conference and I've been
invited here on this talk show and then
like if if that's not
you you have no other option but to do
what I'm telling you here because if you
if if you're not one of these you just
don't make any money
ever so I highly implore
you to Simply do this and and and put
the guarantees on the offer and do
performance-based stuff in the beginning
like I I I massively implore you to do
this because the longer you you you you
try to not do and I'm telling you the
longer you're just going to make no
money at all like I I promise
you I am correct in this assessment of
the situation
I promise you simply follow
directions do not make the mistake just
do put the guarantee work for free work
on a performance basis do it in the
beginning and your life's going to be
[__] so much easier right so you have
slap a guarantee on your offer you work
in a performance basis or you don't sign
clients right so you can either be
scared of
refunds and never sign a client or you
can just slap the guarantee in your
offer actually sign clients and deal
with the 1 to 2% refund rate which
doesn't matter at all it's so
inconsequential right so just just do
that makes your life a lot simpler all
right Next Step uh step three subscribe
to me on YouTube and share this video
it's not actually step three um but
definitely do that hit the Subscribe
button so now we're going to do we're
going to do high volume cold email and
cold
DMS right so you need to send 500 cold
emails per day and 10 to 20 Cold DMS per
day so here's quick run through of this
stuff C MCH you order to get your
domains from pork bun your inboxes on
Microsoft Outlook uh your leads and
email scraping like you actually get the
email addresses and and phone numbers
and what not list kit. I own this I'm an
equity holder in this company um and
then automated sending smartly do.ai
that's what I use I have an affiliate
link for it's in the description um
that's what I use this is the text stack
we we use to send 10,000 cold emails per
day per day
this is what we do right don't fall for
this you're going to see a lot of stuff
online about coldo where it's like we're
going to set up this this custom
infrastructure for you
and just you can send this many emails
and and it's not it's [__] nonsense
just just buy your domains on pork bun
spin up the inboxes and Microsoft
Outlook like just do that right
um if you want to know how to do this I
just say to the end of the video I'll
explain how I like tutorials on that so
cold email strategy and scripting
there's only there's only four things
that are really going to work for the
strategy that you're sending and like
scripting in your cold emails it's
service-based lead magnets regular lead
magnets or case studies low commitment
offers a direct pitch this can kind of
play into this um but let me walk
through this service based lead magnet
is doing a service for someone that
somebody would otherwise pay for so like
for instance I'll like if you're an
e-commerce email marketer it's something
like I will I I I I'll make a welcome
flow for your brand completely for free
or if you're a Content marketer be I
I'll script and edit one free YouTube
video for you that's a service-based
lead magnet right now what that the the
the the purpose of this is
to get the person and display your
confidence to them like yes if you're
serious about making content like get on
the camera film a video that I script
out for you and I'll edit for you and
then post it
right now it's starting like you're like
they understand how this works now it's
it's kind of like a free trial of the
service in a way in a way right but only
do this to qualified prospects and they
have to get on the phone with you before
they they get this like you have to make
sure that is the case so you don't get
screwed by a bunch of people just
wanting free [__] um Regular lead
magnets or case studies lead magnet is
like you just give somebody something
useful for free it could be like a swipe
file stuff a case study is asking if
they want to see the case study uh how
we help the business very similar to
yours get this quantifiable result like
do you want to see the case study um
next is low commitment offers so like
let's say you have like an email
marketing service that's $33,000 per
month um but instead instead as like a
low commitment offer you just sell them
like $500 to build their welcome flow or
some [__] like that right and then that
that functions the same as service based
lead baget um next is direct pitch just
a direct pitch pitch on your offer like
don't don't beat around the [__] bush
like hey I can help you like
I'll guarantee I can make you $30,000 in
additional Revenue in the next 60 days
or get a full refund like just direct
pitch the [__] don't don't try to don't
try to be doing cute stuff or like long
drawn out cold emails like your cold
email should quite it should be like a
maximum of three sentences
actually short short is
99.999% of the time better and be direct
like be extremely extremely clear in
what you're trying to do like don't beat
around the bush or try to hide what
you're doing like it's a pitch everyone
knows it's a pitch just [__] pitch
right call DMS manually find 10 to 20
prospects per day on Instagram and
Linkedin or LinkedIn and follow the same
strategy as cold email doing either of
the four methods right if you want to
know more about this stuff watch until
the end of the video like how you can
like set this up and
whatnot um so you're going to be doing
cold mil and cold DMS until you're at
about 20 to $30,000 per month and you'll
actually never stop doing it I'm I'm
just saying like this is the primary
focus until you're at about 20 $30,000
per month so like first you worked for
free or Performance Based and you got a
bunch of case studies it took me about 3
months to do that three months of free
workk and then now you have the case
studies you put them on your
website and then you make an offer with
a quantifiable return and a
guarantee and then you start signing
clients by sending a [__] ton of cold
emails and cold DMS you're doing that
until you're about 20 to $30,000 per
month right so next is is asset
production so there's a checklist of
everything you need that that needs to
exist for for particularly cold DMS and
cold emails to work you need a video
sales letter on your website a video
sales letter is just a video explainer
of what you do in your offer next is a
value driven useful video of yourself
posted on YouTube and uh SEO optimized
like multiple of these the best way to
do this is to just do like Tech
tutorials like if if if you're like an
email marketer for e-commerce Brands and
you use clavio just make a clavio
tutorial
on on on um on YouTube go make your own
dummy Shopify
account and make a full tutorial of how
to use clavio like just do that and then
put a call to action and SEO optimize it
around clavio and email marketing and
Shopify that's it that's all you need to
do just put the put those things in the
title and the description and the tags
that's it no editing just make it on
loom screen share
yourself easy um LinkedIn Twitter tw
Twitter X profile with a minimum of five
posts per week I tweet like 10 times a
day put one LinkedIn post a day um right
now I'm doing that at least and then
case studies you have case studies like
client Ascension for instance has a [__]
ton of case studies there's like there's
like 75 case studies across mine and
Andre's channel right so all of this
needs to be produced at the same time as
you're doing cold Outreach because the
the the they
increase the effectiveness of cold
Outreach and make your life way easier
it's it's really annoying to send 10,000
cold emails and not sign a single client
if that's happening to you it's because
you don't have all four components
listed above you need all of
this you need it as quickly as possible
because for every one of these reduced
it makes your cold email campaigns
harder it's not even just cold it makes
everything harder for every one of these
you add it's easier to sign your next
client and for every additional you can
have an infinite amount of case studies
and makes every additional client easier
to sign right you need the just the
absolute maximum amount of this now I
need to address something specific in
that there's going to be a category of
you who you're going to say for whatever
the [__] reason I don't want to put my
face on video so I need to give you a
quick pep talk here you need to grow up
right if the perceived Terror of Simply
putting your face on the Internet is
enough to sway you for making a
life-changing amount of money you aren't
cut out for this anyway this is one of
the most frustrating comments to deal
with when trying to help somebody if you
don't just get on the video you're going
to fail full stop you're done it's your
it's if that's just how the market is
today that that's how the market works
if you're not on video there is zero way
to win it's complete full stop [__]
zero you're done it's not going to work
right this is simply how the economy
Works people buy from people not
faceless businesses faceless business is
don't make any money the entire premise
of trying to pick like a fais business
is like a startup y combin y combinator
funded SAS company type [__] if you're
just trying to make a service business
and go make like 20 $30,000 per month
and like cash flow and make [__]
profit like cash flow profit making a
faceless business is the [__] worst
advice that you could possibly get stop
following startup advice from like the
why y combinator [__] in the fun and
and and and the VC don't do that when
you're small like this and trying to
make a cash flow business they don't
give advice for cash flow businesses
they give advice for people just got
funded $10
million you're not funded $10 million
you're trying to go live in a nice
apartment or buy a nice house and drive
a nice car and and and get married and
like I be able to do cool stuff and go
out to nice dinners and go on vacations
without feeling like like you're you're
you're [__] broke all the time and
want to kill yourself that's what you're
trying to do so if that's what you want
listen to what I'm saying stop following
the startup advice it's [__] wrong
right so like let me give let me give
you an example of this this is a video I
made a while ago it's called Twitter
Master Class step bystep how to grow
followers and make money on
Twitter I posted it like two years ago
it has 41,9 views it's getting about 60
views per day and more importantly it
signed us a [__] ton of
clients like this was posted when I had
a thousand subscribers i' close to
20,000 when I'm filming when I'm filming
this content right now but it this video
that I posted two years ago still gets
me leads and calls book and clients two
years I just optimized it around like
how to get followers on Twitter that's
[__] it like it's so it's so simple
like and and now imagine you have 100 of
these it's just [__] disgusting how
how stupidly effective this works like
it's really just so irresponsible for
you to not do this it's the cheat code
it's so simple and this is a loom video
there's like no editing on this video I
I just filmed it on Loom on a Google doc
like if you're in B2B and you make
videos on B2B topics it's completely
possible for you to sign a new client
for every 300 00 to 1,000 views that's
totally a feasible situation right so I
want to talk about case studies real
quick very common question around case
studies is how do I make a case study so
the best kind of case study is just a
quick interview with a client that
specifically does two things you need to
reveal who they are and show they're a
real
person right because most PE like your
default in Internet scammer until proven
otherwise so you have to show who they
are that they're a real person what
their business is and then it
specifically States the result you got
them and if it's Revenue say the revenue
you need to say the numbers you need
numbers
right and that's all you need to do it
can it can literally be it can three it
could be three minutes or 30 minutes it
literally doesn't matter I have like 75
of these you can go on my channel and
the case studies thing or you can go
look up Andre hiel Jr is one of my
partners you go to his thing look up
student Spotlight interviews for client
Cent you can watch all of them that's
how you do them correctly right there's
nothing more important in your business
than the constant and Perpetual
production of new case studies
throughout your entire life your income
will always be proportional to how many
case studies you have always right so
like I have a bunch of them right here
Channeler three and a half Mill year uh
32k a month in 5 months in client
exension 45k a month C mgan in client
sension 2 to 23k a month in 90 days amen
his says 44k a month but he actually is
now at $93,000 per month like I have so
many and this is on Andre's Channel like
there's so there's so you need to be
making these it's the most important
thing you can do in your business right
um so next step hiring in systems your
company is going to consist of three
departments right marketing and lead
generation sales and then fulfillment
right so this is also the exact order by
which people end up becoming a client so
first they are generated via a lead then
they are converted via sales call and
then you have to fulfill the stuff that
you just sold them right that's like the
logical flow with which occurs of you
actually producing Revenue so you should
hire backwards like you should hire for
client fulfillment first then hire for
sales then hire for marketing and lead
generation now I need to I need to do a
quick caveat here about the the biggest
illusion of all time right some people
will just go they'll be a complete
beginner and they'll go I'll just
Outsource the client fulfillment in
sales and lead generation and make money
so the problem with this is that it
never works [__] ever at all never
has and it never will like it that
doesn't
work you you just don't don't
know what you're
doing like this is this is just this is
just being purely honest here I like you
I've never met a beginner who was able
to pull this off this does not exist in
reality there's no situation where you
can just hire people to do all this when
you have no idea how it works yourself
you can't train someone to do it if you
don't know how to do it and you can't
afford an expert like you can't just go
like someone oh I'll charge you $500 per
month to fulfill your client's ads and
it's like bro anyone who's good at ads
doesn't charge $500 per month they don't
not even remotely close like not even
not
even like near in the [__] Universe
of $500 like that's not a thing right
you got to know how to do everything so
like the CEO of zappier like a
multi-billion dollar company will going
to customer service calls once per month
Jeff Bezos when he was a CEO of
Amazon he was getting customer service
calls per
month he was [__] doing it himself he
he would sit here and sometimes package
the boxes just like he would do that
like Elon sleeping in the [__]
Factory and [__] like you need to know
how to do everything bro you cannot hire
people until you have money and then the
only way and the only way to get money
is to be capable of doing everything so
you need to know how to do everything so
that you make money so that you can hire
people you see what I mean by this right
until you're able to afford to hire
simply make systems so like you just
automate what can be automated with
zapier and then you just use project
management tools like trell like just
make a just make like an assembly line
of [__] that has to occur for every
client like that's it that's all you do
you just make like tasks that you have
to do every day just assign tasks to
yourself like this has to happen then
this has to happen then this happen it's
very simple just think about everything
in a logical one your fashion so you
might be asking when should you start
hiring for fulfillment so
you start hiring for fulfillment when
all three of these exist simultaneously
right so you are at 10 to 20K a month
you are at an 8 to 10 level of busy and
you know how to do the client
fulfillment like you know how to get the
results
right so now what happens is when you
hire someone your eight out of 10 goes
to 10 out of 10 as you're training them
and then only after like a month and a
half or two months does the 10 out of 10
go down to like 6 out of 10 you see what
I mean so you have to like initially get
busier and then it you get less busy so
the first hire you make should be
completing repetitive tasks that don't
require a large degree of expertise
you're more so getting a VA that can be
hired for like $6 to $9 per hour in the
Philippines or Lebanon or Eastern Europe
or Africa or South America using upor or
onlinejobs.ph or some [__] like that
right the purpose of this is to quite
literally buy time back look you're
you're using Capital to purchase time
back you are using your money to buy
time of which this is very
important that time you just purchased
must be reallocated back towards lead
generation and sales in order to be able
to afford even more experienced Talent
who can eventually entirely run client
fulfillment for you you don't just hire
people
get some of your time back and then not
use the time like you you you those two
to three points of busyness you just
bought back you just reallocate it
towards Marketing in lead gen in sales
so you get more clients you see what I
mean so you make more money so you can
hire better people you you see how this
works like it's just it's it's a
constant oscillation of like hiring
people to anticipate new demand and then
like once you have the time back using
it to get the demand and then like now
you're back it's just like it's just
[__] springing back and forth left
right left right left like incrementally
going up that's how it works very
interesting so once you are roughly 80%
remove from client fulfillment so
basically you do not do a single
repetitive task at all ever you only do
highle
strategy this is when you should start
looking for commission based sales
closers so commission based closers uh
will close your deals for you for salary
and just get a 10 to 15% commission so
roughly around 30 to 50K a month is when
you might get your first closer and I'm
the I'm of the firm believe you're
really shouldn't be Outsourcing much of
your lead generation or marketing until
about 100K a month this isn't a set in
stone rule though um like don't don't go
H for like someone
to just do this [__] just get the lead
yourself like make content send Outreach
just do the [__] yourself so much easier
to just learn it yourself um so next
step funnels and traffic at this point
you might be like 8 to 18 months into
your journey and you're ranging anywhere
between like 50 to 80k a month so and
you're making good profit now like you
you quit your [__] job but you don't
work a job anymore like this is your job
this is full-time um you're you're
fairly removed from client fulfillment
you only do highle strategy uh your
closer or closers are consistently
capable of closing new deals for you
you're regularly getting great client
results and posting new case studies
your profit margins are hanging between
60 to 80% you have 100K liquid cash in
your bank account at least your
constraint appears to be that you just
need to pump the closers calendars with
more calls right it's time to start
buying traffic you're going to you're so
like up to this point you've been
sending cold cold emails cold DMS
getting some referrals um getting
getting people off your content now you
need to [__] buy it you need to use
money to purchase traffic right so
there's only three ways to sign clients
there's cold Outreach content ads so up
to this point you've done this you've
been doing this and this and now you
need start doing this
right and the reason why is because you
have money so you can do something that
requires money now right so the main
constraint at this point is not money
but time therefore you must deploy the
money now as there is no more time to
deploy you have money you have a
resource now it needs to be expended so
there's two types of funnels that you
that that that you're going to try so
the first is just a it's a very simple
vssl book a call funnel so it's it's a
simple opt-in page where you get their
name email and phone number and then
there's a video after the optin with a
direct offer so like a claim guaranteed
case studies this going to be like a 5
minute to 10-minute video that just goes
through that that's it um for the people
who don't Pi a call you send them email
follow-ups start and have an email list
um you're going to call and text the
follow-ups you're going to aim for about
a $200 cost per qualified call and then
you're going to call out the ideal
customer directly in your ads don't try
to be cute just call them out directly
and state what your offer is like like
if you if you're trying to work with
e-commerce brand to make $50,000 say
that in the ad like if like the ad would
literally say like if you're an
e-commerce brand making at least $50,000
per month and you would like to get to
100 to $500,000 per month then I have an
offer for you like that's what you would
say like don't be cute just be
hyperdirect so next one you try is a
self liquidating funnel make this work
first if you can't make this work this
is going to be profoundly more difficult
to make work this is like a hypers scale
thing you really don't have to start
doing this self look at
funnel I mean you can but it's like it
it's real it's it's considerably more
complex than this one so you're going to
have like a low ticket product that's
between $7 to $100 couple order bumps
and upsell page to increase the average
order value you're going to try to self
liquidate which means you're going to
get a 1xtra return on ad spend the
reason why is because you're buying
customers who you can reach out to to
talk to and qualify for your high ticket
service the reason why this is important
is because the the quality of person who
spends money on something to do with
your industry is considerably more
valuable than someone who just opts in
for free it's a completely different
person right uh make the product you're
selling actually applicable to the ideal
customer profile don't sell a how to
make $10,000 per month as a video editor
if your end goal is to get people to buy
your editing services that doesn't make
any sense you're selling a bizop but
you're trying to sell people editing so
it doesn't make any sense you see what I
mean by this right so people buying this
product will just copy your business
then it only hurts you because you make
your own competition right so good stats
for this it's like a $100 average order
value $1100 CPA means cost for
acquisition about 50 to 80% call booking
rate of those that purchase right so
next broad overview so we're going to go
over this again right so step one
acquire a skill actually get good at
something right watch a 100 hours of
YouTube videos buy 10 books buy a couple
courses actually finish the courses like
do the work get minimally viably
competent at of
skill next do free or performance work
this is to get um this to get your your
first couple case studies right you can
only they're only going to sign with you
if you do it for free performance and
you just need to do this get your case
studies right and then once you have
case you're going to create a direct
offer you're going to use high volume
Cod email plus cold DMS to get that
offer in front of people you're going to
do asset production make the case
studies the videos sales assets right
then you're start hiring people and
Building Systems then you're start paid
ads right so now if you're in step one
to two you should join internet money
which will show you what skills to learn
and actually show you like how to
fulfill for clients it's basically a
group to help you make your first
$11,000 online it's internet moneygcash
there's a video explainer of how client
Ascension works at a link in the
description just watch that real quick
I'm not going to put it behind an optin
just click it watch the video right so
client Ascension is about creating an
offers helping you build high volume
cold Emil Plus Cold DM stuff asset
production making inbound funnels
content marketing funnels right there's
a whole bunch of [__] just watch that
video and also if you like this video
please leave a comment Please Subscribe
definitely subscribe let me know what
else you want to see
in the comments I'll make it the video
and that's it for me today I love you
goodbye